[controller-manager] Switch `Quota` controller to `controller-runtime` (#6391)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/controller-manager.md

This controller consists out of three reconciliation loops:
The main loop is reconciling `Project` resources while the second loop is controlling the necessary actions for stale projects.

### [`Quota` Controller](../../pkg/controllermanager/controller/quota)

> `Quota`s represents a quota on resources consumed by shoot clusters per project or provider secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Quota`s are objects that limit the resources consumed by shoot clusters either per provider secret or per project/namespace.
```
ref: https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/51c46e2c89ae65bdf6f56c95f271d05faca0b6ed/example/60-quota.yaml#L1

> Consequently, to ensure that `Quota`s in-use are always present in the system until the last referring `SecretBinding` gets deleted, the controller adds a finalizer which is only released when there is no `Quota` referencing the `SecretBinding` anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, to ensure that `Quota`s in-use are always present in the system until the last `SecretBinding` that references them gets deleted, the controller adds a finalizer which is only released when there is no `SecretBinding` referencing the `Quota` anymore.
```

This controller consists out of three reconciliation loops:
The main loop is reconciling `Project` resources while the second loop is controlling the necessary actions for stale projects.

> ### `Quota` Controller

Reviewer 2: This section is not correctly placed: the next subsections (`####`) belong to the `Project` controller.
Please move this section down.
